Docs: ref backbones (#1179)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: docs/source/reference/audio_classification.rst

    :language: python
    :lines: 14-

> To learn more about available for this task, see :ref:`backbones_heads`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to the available backbones / heads for this task, see :ref:`backbones_heads`.
```
